# ObjectInfo

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**kind** | **str** | This is the type of the resource (e.g., Model, Dataset). The field is primarily used when returning watch events, where the type of the field will be unknown.  When submitting resources, this field will often simply be inferred from the context of the submission.  | [optional] 
**id** | **str** | The unique identifier of the object.  This will be generated automatically.  | [optional] 
**name** | **str** | The unique name of the object. | [optional] 
**description** | **str** | A documentation description of the resource.  This string can be in Markdown form.  | [optional] 
**summary** | **str** | A short description of this object  | [optional] 
**owner** | **str** | The owner/creator of this object.  | [optional] 
**labels** | **object** | Key-value pairs of annotations associate with the object.  | [optional] 
**resources** | **list[str]** | An array of resources/reference URIs  | [optional] 
**resource_version** | **int** | This is the server-managed version for the object.  It is used  to support monitoring of resources.  This should not be set by the client (and will likely be ignored if it is)  | [optional] 
**creation_time** | **datetime** | The date time at which this object was initially created. This will be auto generated by the underlying database. Any user input for this field will be ignored. This will be in the isoformat of &#39;YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.ffffff&#39;  | [optional] 
**modification_time** | **datetime** | The date time at which this object was last modified. This will be auto generated by the underlying database. Any user input for this field will be ignored. This will be in the isoformat of &#39;YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.ffffff&#39;  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


